.TH openerp 1

.SH NAME
openerp \- Client for OpenERP

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B openerp-client.py [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
OpenERP is an Enterprise Resource Planning and Customer Relationship
Management software package. It is developed to meet changing needs.
The main functional features are: CRM and SRM, analytic and financial
accounting, double-entry stock management, sales and purchases management,
tasks automation, a help desk, marketing campaigns, and vertical modules
for very specific businesses. Technical features include a distributed
server, flexible workflows, an object database, a dynamic GUI, customizable
reports, and a NET-RPC and XML-RPC interface.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print this help message and exit.

.TP
.B \-\-version
Print the program's version number and exit.
.TP
.B \-c \fIfile\fR, \-\-config=\fIfile\fR
Specify alternate config file. By default, openerp uses ~/.openerprc

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Enable verbose mode. This is equivalent to: \fB\-\-log\-level\fR=INFO

.TP
.B \-l \fIlevel\fR, \-\-log-level=\fIlevel\fR
Specify the log level. By default, openerp only logs ERROR messages.
\fIlevel\fR can be any of the following: DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL

.TP
.B \-d \fIchannels\fR, \-\-log=\fIchannels\fR
Specify which channels to log. Available channels are: view, view.form,
common.options, common.message, rpc.exception, rpc.request, rpc.result

.SH FILES
~/.openerprc

.SH AUTHORS

OpenERP is a product of \fBTiny.be\fR (\fIhttp://www.tiny.be\fR)

.SH SEE ALSO
openerp_server(1)
.br
\fIhttp://www.openerp.com\fR : OpenERP functional description

